you
caterpillar so here you're looking at
Caterpillar spinning its cocoon saw
something hanging off of this little
pergola I guess you caught that I'm a
long time ago thought it was a spider at
first nope
spinning its cocoon
you
all right so you're looking at our
compost pile here pretty full and that's
because we just butchered a volunteer
brittle bush in the front yard which is
awesome it was huge is about gosh the
outside you know no measuring from left
to right it was at least five feet wide
very huge and now I'm seeing all these
caterpillars and I think that they were
inside the brittle bush and check it out
some are small and some are large and so
make their own cocoons like this guy
where is he
so here's one here there's one there
another one there another one in there
so I don't know let's see two more there
I'm not sure this is gonna be a problem
or is this gonna be a blessing here I
don't know
I gotta kind of try to ID these guys and
see are they gonna be a butterfly or a
moth yet to be known by me and check
them out here we go here we go
see if it can focus here yeah man oh man
it's either gonna be the best thing that
happens every or the worst thing huh but
I'm thinking if they're doing the
cocoons now they're done eating right so
we'll see
I don't know pretty cool though
nonetheless look a move huh speed on the
compost pile nothing else